Rename Files Workflow Operation Handler (#3389)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/rename-files-woh.md

Rename Files Workflow Operation
===============================

ID: `rename-files`

Description
-----------

The rename files operation allows you to rename media files using different metadata.
This can be used to, for example, generate human readable names for downloads.

Parameter Table
---------------

|configuration keys|description                                                                      |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|sorce-flavors     |Comma separated list of flavors to select tracks to rename

> |sorce-flavor      |Same as `sorce-flavors` but can only select a single flavor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|source-flavors     |Comma separated list of flavors to select tracks to rename
|source-flavor      |Same as `source-flavors` but can only select a single flavor
```
